Title:
Cuomo shuts down NYC playgrounds as coronavirus deaths soar
********************
Body:
FEMA sends 250 ambulances to New York City amid coronavirus outbreak; Fox News national correspondent Bryan Llenas reports.
Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Wednesday that he is closing New York City playgrounds as part of the continued efforts to stem the dramatic rise in coronavirus deaths in the state, which have reached nearly 2,000.
“We are going to close down the New York City playgrounds ... I warned people that if they didn’t stop the density and the games in the playgrounds – you can’t play basketball, you can’t come in contact with each other – that we would close the playgrounds,” he said, before promising to keep green spaces open so people could exercise.
CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio had resisted closing playgrounds, but on Tuesday had closed 10 problem playgrounds – and warned that more could be coming.
“Overwhelmingly, we’re seeing compliance in parks and playgrounds,” he said in a Queens press briefing, according to The New York Post. “[But] with some real problem spots, too.”
“If people will not follow the rules, we’ll continue to shut them down aggressively,” he said.
NEW YORK MAN HID CORONAVIRUS SYMPTOMS TO VISIT WIFE IN MATERNITY WARD: HOSPITAL
But on Wednesday, Cuomo made the call to close all playgrounds across the city entirely, saying he had agreed with the mayor that they would try compliance with social distancing using the NYPD, but that it was still a problem. He later tweeted angrily about people who were ignoring their obligation to keep a safe social distance from others.
“How many people have to die before the people ignoring social distancing get that they have a responsibility?” he tweeted.
Cuomo made the announcement at a daily press conference where he also announced that deaths in the state had more than doubled in 72 hours to 1,941. That was up from 965 deaths on Sunday morning.
The state has closed schools, businesses and issued a sweeping stay-at-home order that has shuttered much of daily life in the Empire State, but officials have warned of the need for continued compliance from New Yorkers.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Data released by the city shows that the disease is having a disproportionate effect in neighborhoods mainly in Queens and Brooklyn. Cuomo cited projections showing the outbreak reaching its apex roughly by the end of April, “which means another month of this.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!