Title:
Pastor Nick Hall: God calls us to do this, especially in times of crisis
********************
Body:

Pastor Nick Hall, founder and chief communicator of the PULSE, a student-focused evangelical movement, is calling on Americans and people around the world to honor their leaders and heed their instructions amid the coronavirus pandemic.
"This is a difficult time. People are sick. People are hurting. People are dying. So it's a tough role to be in a leadership position," said Hall in the latest episode of Fox Nation's "Bible Quarantine."
"The important thing to remember is that much of the history when the Bible was written was times when leaders were not doing the things that the people of God wanted them to do," he continued. "But God's word still speaks of how we should honor them, how we should pray for them, and how we should try to be a good citizen wherever we are."
"I don't know where you're watching this from," said Hall. "I don't know what country. I don't know what kind of government is there... The Bible commands us and urges us to pray for and offer even thanksgiving for the leadership over us."
Hall also observed how the concept of respect for leadership can help ordinary people manage their own lives.
"Every leader needs prayer," he said. "I don't know who you are. I don't know what your role is. But I guarantee you are a leader of something or someone. People look to you. And I don't know about you, but I need prayer as a leader. I want people to pray for me because I'm not a perfect leader. And there are no perfect leaders."
Among Hall's big takeaways from the Bible's teaching on this subject are to follow the guidance of national authorities and to be constructive.
"What if you and I, instead of complaining and instead of pointing out everything that people are doing that's wrong or bad or foolish, what if we tried to alleviate the problems? What if we tried to create spaces where people could get help? What if you gave to your food bank?... There are tangible things we can do to meet the needs of our society right now. And those are the things that people who follow Jesus have done to every crisis moment in history."
Hall concluded with a call for people to observe hygiene and social distancing guidelines.
CORONAVIRUS HAS CLOSED THE WORLD'S HOLY SITES, BUT YOU CAN SEE THEM THIS WAY
"There are times when disobedience in the name of Jesus is OK. And we even see examples of this in the Bible. But as it relates to this current crisis, this pandemic, the most Godly thing that we can do is to honor the health officials and the members of the CDC by staying home, by not gathering big crowds, by practicing social distancing and washing your hands."
Fox Nation has a series of programs that aim to inspire, uplift and restore your faith, including "Holy Week" narrated by Fox News co-host Pete Hegseth. "Holy Week" takes viewers on a virtual pilgrimage through the holy city of Jerusalem, which is now largely shuttered due to the coronavirus.
To watch more of "Bible Quarantine," and all the other content that Fox Nation is offering, sign up here today.
LIMITED TIME OFFER, GET YOUR FIRST MONTH OF FOX NATION FOR $0.99
Fox Nation programs are viewable on-demand and from your mobile device app, but only for Fox Nation subscribers. Go to Fox Nation today to start a free trial and watch the extensive library from Tomi Lahren, Pete Hegseth, Abby Hornacek, Laura Ingraham, Ainsley Earhardt, Greg Gutfeld, Judge Andrew Napolitano and many more of your favorite Fox News personalities.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!