Title:
Hawaii expands coronavirus self-quarantine rules to include inter-island travel, threatens $5,000 fines and jail
********************
Body:
Reaction and analysis from Fox News medical contributors Drs. Marc Siegel and Janette Nesheiwat.
Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox.  Sign up here.
Hawaii will expand its coronavirus 14-day self-quarantine rules to include all residents and visitors traveling between any of the islands.
The new mandate takes effect just after midnight Wednesday and comes after the state reported its first death, an older male resident of Oahu who passed away on Monday. Some 224 people in Hawaii have tested positive for coronavirus, with 13 people requiring hospitalization. Wyoming is now the only state in the U.S. without a death.
CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE

      A surfer walks out of the ocean on Oahu's North Shore near Haleiwa, Hawaii, Tuesday, March 31, 2020. The state of Hawaii is reporting its first death of an individual who tested positive for the coronavirus. 
      (AP)
“I would like to express my deepest, heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of the victims," Gov. David Ige said during a press conference Tuesday. "This is a difficult time for everyone in Hawaii and I know you join me in mourning the passing of one of our neighbors to a virus that is threatening our community, other communities all around the world.”
CORONAVIRUS DEATHS TOP 4,000 IN US, SURPASS CHINA
Under the new quarantine rules, essential workers who have to travel will have to fill out and sign an Interisland Declaration Form. Travelers must also wear appropriate protective gear, namely masks, as well as follow social distancing requirements.
WHITE HOUSE PROJECTS 100K TO 240K CORONAVIRUS DEATHS AS TRUMP TELLS US TO PREPARE FOR 'VERY PAINFUL TWO WEEKS'
When they are not performing their essential role, they must self-quarantine and not allow visitors into their so-called designated quarantine location. Any violations could result in a misdemeanor and fines of up to $5,000 or up to a year in prison.
CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP
On the island of Kauai, a 62-year-old Florida man was arrested for violating the state’s order. After checking into a hotel in Kapaa Monday, he was stopped about 25 miles away in Hanalei the following day and subsequently booked on a misdemeanor.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!