Title:
AdvaMed member companies ramp up ventilator production amid shortages at hospitals
********************
Body:
Factories are converting to manufacture ventilators for treatment of critically ill COVID-19 patients; President and CEO of AdvaMed Scott Whitaker weighs in on ‘America’s Newsroom.’
Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox. Sign up here.
Scott Whitaker, president and CEO of the health trade association AdvaMed, explained on Wednesday the health technology industry’s efforts to ramp up the production of ventilators to fight the coronavirus outbreak.
Whitaker told “America’s Newsroom” that normally health technology companies would make 600-700 ventilators a week in their manufacturing line.
STATE-BY-STATE MAP OF CORONAVIRUS CASES
“We began to scale that out dramatically in the course of the last few weeks. We’re doing about 3,000, maybe 4,000 a week now,” Whitaker said.
Meanwhile, the Trump administration on Tuesday told hospitals they can start splitting ventilators between two patients in an attempt to remedy the dearth of the machines amid the coronavirus pandemic.
As many as 900,000 coronavirus patients in the U.S. could need the machines during the outbreak, according to the Society for Critical Care Medicine. Yet the group estimates the country has only 200,000, many of which are already being used by other patients.
In preparation, health officials across the country are reviewing guidelines from sources, including state governments and medical groups on how to ration limited resources in emergencies.
CLICK HERE FOR FULL CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE
Whitaker said that the medical technology industry’s goal is to make 10,000 to 15,000 by late April.
“We’re scaling as fast as we can, working around the clock. We’re taking shifts that were eight-hour shifts, turning them into 24/7 shifts. The employees of each of these companies are stepping up big time to meet that demand.
“We hope by the end of this month, we’ll scale to a level that is just tremendous,” Whitaker remarked.
CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP
Whitaker said that the help coming from General Motors, Ford, and other automobile manufacturers has been “great” and is “welcomed.”
Fox News' Andrew O'Reilly contributed to this report.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!