Title:
'Impossible' puzzle features clear pieces, 4 difficulty levels
********************
Body:

        Now available for pre-order, the Little Flower Pot Shop on Etsy describes their clear, acrylic puzzle as “insanity,” with four tiers of difficulty: “easy, okay, hard and crazy.” (Little Flower Pot Shop on Etsy)
Hey, puzzlers -- looking for a real challenge? We have a clear-cut winner here.
As many Americans approach two, even three weeks or more of their coronavirus lockdown period, they may already be bored with those tired, conventional puzzles featuring puppy dogs, hot air balloons or scenic landscapes. But now there’s an “impossibly difficult” transparent jigsaw puzzle that may just be the challenge you crave.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR LIFESTYLE NEWSLETTER
Now available for pre-order, the Little Flower Pot Shop on Etsy describes their clear, acrylic puzzle as “insanity,” with four tiers of difficulty: “easy, okay, hard and crazy.” Pricing starts at $16.99 with nine 2-inch pieces, which should take less than five minutes for most. The OK and hard levels contain 25 and 49 pieces, respectively.
But all that is kid stuff. Pro-puzzlers will opt for their most intense option, “crazy” -- a total of 144 half-inch pieces for $24.99.
“We really didn’t think anyone would rise to the challenge,” the seller writes of their “crazy” puzzle. “No hints here, just days of fun assembling them.”
During the COVID-19 pandemic, puzzles have once again emerged as the most sought-after time-killer since their popularity peaked during the Great Depression, according to the American Jigsaw Puzzle Society.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
To illustrate the trend, contemporary puzzle retailer Ravensburger announced this week that demand for puzzles has spiked 370% during the past two weeks. And those numbers would have us believe that those who love jigsaw puzzles -- or are merely using them to pass the time -- may have already reached the bottom of their board game bin.
But the Little Flower Pot Shop is still doing its best to properly challenge puzzle fiends: It promises no repeated pieces and only one correct solution for each puzzle, with no indication of which side of the piece goes up.
Unfortunately, those who dare rise to the challenge will likely wait a minimum of four weeks as the item has soared in popularity. But the product has pleased many a puzzler, according to buyer reviews.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
“I only have 2 pieces together so far, but I’m loving this!” wrote one happy customer.
“Great product that is very ingenious in its design,” said another. “There are some very clever tricks in the design that will definitely surprise and delight anyone who likes puzzles.”
This article originally appeared on the New York Post.
Fun stories about food, relationships, the great outdoors and more.
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!