Title:
'Tiger King' star Joe Exotic is in coronavirus isolation in jail, husband Dillon Passage says
********************
Body:
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment.
Get all the latest news on coronavirus and more delivered daily to your inbox.  Sign up here.
Joseph Maldonado-Passage -- better known as Joe Exotic -- of "Tiger King" is taking extra precautions during the coronavirus pandemic.
Dillon Passage, the husband of Maldonado-Passage, revealed on Andy Cohen's SiriusXM show that Maldonado-Passage has entered "a COVID-19 isolation" amid serving his 22-year sentence.
ALLIGATORS KILLED AT JOE EXOTIC'S ZOO REPORTEDLY BELONGED TO MICHAEL JACKSON
“We speak like three to five times every day, but since he’s been moved to this new facility, they are putting him on a COVID-19 isolation because of the previous jail he was at, there were cases,” Passage said of his husband, who is in his late 50s. “I’ve yet to speak to him since he moved.”

      Joseph Maldonado-Passage seen in a Santa Rosa County Jail booking photo.
      (Santa Rosa County Jail via AP)
When asked whether Maldonado-Passage is in an individual quarantine, Passage said: “From what I know, yes.”
Passage, 24, is the fourth husband of Maldonado-Passage and was featured briefly in the Netflix docuseries, "Tiger King: Murder, Mayhem and Madness."
In the same interview, Passage address the state of his relationship with his husband and whether he is still "in love" with him.
'TIGER KING' STARS: WHERE ARE THEY NOW?
"I do love Joe," Passage said. "He's been there for me through my darkest times and I'm not just gonna dip out and abandon him when he needs me most."
"Tiger King" follows Maldonado-Passage in his exploits as a zookeeper, country musician, aspiring politician and arch-rival of fellow big cat enthusiast Carole Baskin.

      Joe Exotic is the subject of Netflix's 'Tiger King: Murder, Mayhem and Madness.'
      (Netflix/Tiger King)
Maldonado-Passage is serving 22 years in prison for his involvement in a murder-for-hire plot against Baskin.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
He has reportedly filed a $94 lawsuit, asking for nearly $74 million in loss of personal property, 18 years of research, and the full care of 200 generic tigers and crossbreeds, as well as $15 million for false arrest, false imprisonment, selective enforcement and the death of his mother Shirley, according to People.