Title:
Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy gets creative during coronavirus pandemic with frozen pizza reviews
********************
Body:
Barstool's Dave Portnoy joins Tucker Carlson on 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' to discuss surviving the great indoors during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy has found a creative way to stay busy while stuck at home amid the coronavirus pandemic and the result has been a new batch of viral content.
Portnoy is arguably more known for his wildly popular pizza reviews than he is for sports, which comes in handy since he runs a website that creates content as sports are on hold to limit the spread of coronavirus.
Portnoy’s pizza reviews are typically uploaded onto Barstool’s “One Bite” app on a daily basis, and he grades slices on a scale of 1-10. Pre-coronavirus, he tried a new restaurant every weekday and positive reviews from the Barstool founder often resulted in soaring popularity for a pizzeria or restaurant.
MEDIA BAD BOY BARSTOOL SPORTS THRIVING IN POLITICALLY CORRECT CLIMATE: ‘WE'RE PRETTY RARE’
But the coronavirus pandemic has made it impossible for Portnoy to visit establishments in person so he was forced to improvise.
“Pizza places getting harder to get to, can’t leave the house, got to follow the rules, don’t want to kill nana,” Portnoy said on March 19 when he reviewed a DiGiorno frozen pizza – the first video in the new series.
“We’re gonna move to frozen pizzas,” he said. “We’ll just keep banging out these frozen pizzas until this corona hits the road.”
PIZZA EXPERT DAVE PORTNOY, OF BARSTOOL SPORTS, ON HIS QUEST TO TRY EVERY SLICE IN NEW YORK
Portnoy has since posted a dozen of the reviews to his Instagram page, where they racked up over eight million views through Wednesday afternoon.
The frozen pizzas reviews have averaged over 670,000 views apiece on Portnoy’s Instagram account alone and are also published on Barstool’s website and other social media platform.
The frozen pizzas reviews have evolved, as fans teased Portnoy when he didn’t have proper utensils or a pizza cutter for the viral videos.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Portnoy was interrupted by his doorbell during one of the early reviews and it turned out to be a surprise package that he opened during the video, revealing a batch of frozen pizzas sent to him by Red Baron.
Fans apparently enjoyed watching the Barstool founder reveal the content of random packages, so he started doing “live package openings” at the end of each review and was recently gifted a professional pizza cutter that he now uses when judging frozen pizza.
Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox
Subscribed
You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!